PyTorch example (#2)
vovak/pbr-lib: py_example/README.md

# PathMiner: usage

Example of PathMiner's output usage written in [PyTorch](https://pytorch.org/).

## Getting started

To train a toy model on your local machine follow the instructions.

### Setup python environment

Conda users:

~~~~
conda install pytorch torchvision -c pytorch
conda install pandas
conda install parse -c conda-forge
conda install scikit-learn -c anaconda
~~~~

> 

Reviewer: Let's suggest using a clean environment here (venv).

Author: Changed pip steps to use virtualenv.
Also both pip and conda now use requirements instead of manual installation.

Reviewer: Currently it doesn't work for me neither with pip nor conda, please make sure to specify channels (default ones don't contain necessary packages at least for conda)

Author: I set up travis to check that conda environment creation works.

Pip users:
~~~~
pip install torch torchvision
pip install pandas parse scikit-learn
~~~~

### Load data

Data will be loaded as one of the steps of `run_example.py` script. 
However, to use custom projects you can put them in `data/` folder
as `project1` and `project2`.

### Run the example

To run the example execute `run_example.py` script. 
Data loading and processing take several minutes.

## Useful modules

### Data processing

In `data_processing` package you can find several classes that are capable of loading
PathMiner's generated output into easy-to-integrate format.

> 

Reviewer: Please elaborate: briefly mention every class, its capabilities, and note where it could be feasible to reuse.

Author: Done.

### Model

> In `model/Code2Vec` there is a part of [code2vec](https://github.com/tech-srl/code2vec) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`model/Code2Vec` contains a model to vectorize snippets of code based on their path-context representation.
```

> model that vectorizes snippets of code based on their path-contexts representation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This model had been originally implemented as a part of [code2vec](https://github.com/tech-srl/code2vec).
```

> It is implemented as PyTorch module and can be easily reused.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is implemented as a PyTorch module and can be easily reused.
```

> Example of how to reuse it or build something on top of it can be found in `model/ProjectClassifier`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A usage example can be found in `model/ProjectClassifier`.
```

Conda users:

~~~~
conda create -n pathminer --file requirements_conda.txt
~~~~

> 

Reviewer: Great job on clarifications. 
Please also elaborate on the example a bit more: in particular, mention that it downloads 200+ MB of repos; mention excepted running time; and an example of a successful output.
